So if we look in the courses component,
you notice that
the object itself we have two
fields, one for title,
one for description.
But we have two more,
that we have not added into our form.
And so what I'd like to do,
is just do a real quick challenge,
where I would like
everybody to take a stab at
hooking these two remaining
fields into the appropriate,
angular material component.
And so just think about what
would be an appropriate control,
for percentage, and
what would be another appropriate control,
for something that is Boolean,
like true or false?
And so we'll take just another 10 minutes,
and we'll do this small challenge, and
when we come back, we'll fill this form
out and then we'll talk about services.
So 3 2 1,
let's get the challenge completed.